we have some big things happening in our various litigations on the election hoax. everybody knows it was rigged. they know biden didn’t get more votes from the black community than obama, & certainly didn’t get 80,000,000 votes. look what happened in detroit, philadelphia, plus!
. never asked us for a comment about their ridiculous, one sided story on election security, which is an international joke. our 2020 election, from poorly rated dominion to a country flooded with unaccounted for mail-in ballots, was probably our least secure ever!
get well soon!
great news! is fake news watching this?
“democrats suffered crushing down-ballot loss across america.” . this is true. all statehouses won, and in washington we did great. so i led this great charge, and i’m the only one that lost? no, it doesn’t work that way. this was a massive fraud, a rigged election!
pennsylvania can lead the way, just like it did many years ago. very important things happening!
no way we lost this election!
i’m not fighting for me, i’m fighting for the 74,000,000 million people (not including the many trump ballots that were “tossed”), a record for a sitting president, who voted for me!
....also, quickly check the number of envelopes versus the number of ballots. you may just find that there are many more ballots than there are envelopes. so simple, and so easy to do. georgia republicans are angry, all republicans are angry. get it done!
why won’t governor , the hapless governor of georgia, use his emergency powers, which can be easily done, to overrule his obstinate secretary of state, and do a match of signatures on envelopes. it will be a “goldmine” of fraud, and we will easily win the state....
moderna now applying for emergency vaccine approval..  fda must act quickly!!! “operation warp speed has been a great modern day miracle.”
trump legal team in arizona and on now. big “stuff”. enjoy!
. wow, total election corruption in arizona. hearing on now! why isn’t covering the arizona hearings?
why is he rushing to put a democrat in office, especially when so many horrible things concerning voter fraud are being revealed at the hearing going on right now. what is going on with ? republicans will long remember!
true!
...and there are many such articles. rigged election!
arizona hearings on live right now on . such total corruption. so sad for our country!
