we withdrew because we won!
nolte: top pollster finds 47% say ‘likely‘ democrats stole election via rigged election!
lawyers now on , & maybe . an open and shut case of voter fraud. massive numbers!
the covid drugs now available to make people better are amazing, but seldom talked about by the media! mortality rate is 85% down!
voter fraud in detroit is rant, and has been for many years!
“evidence of voter fraud continues to grow, including 20,000 dead people on the pennsylvania voters roll and many thousands all over the country. now, there has been an artificial number of votes in favor of joe biden.”
almost zero ballots rejected in georgia this election. in years past, close to 4%. not possible. must have signature check on envelopes now. very easy to do. dems fighting because they got caught. far more votes than needed for flip. republicans must get tough!
“statistical sling to prove widespread voter fraud...multiple accounts of fraud and voting irregularities may overturn election”...call for paper ballots.
important news conference today by lawyers on a very clear and viable path to victory. pieces are very nicely falling into place. rnc at 12:00 p.m.
look at this in wisconsin! a day after the election, biden receives a dump of 143,379 votes at 3:42am, when they learned he was losing badly. this is unbelievable!
"dominion-izing the vote"
...and with these numbers, by far the highest for a sitting president, there was no way the dems could have won, except through what we are learning now - a rigged election!
thousands of uncounted votes discovered in georgia counties. when the much more important signature match takes place, the state will flip republican, and very quickly. get it done!
great job on today giancarlo!
it was my great honor to help, a tremendous achievement!
looking good!
vaccines are coming fast!!!
the covid drugs now available to make prople better are amazing, but seldom talked about by the media! mortality rate is 85% down!
so true. thanks jody!
almost zero ballots rejected in georgia this election. in years past, close to 4%. not possible. must have signature check on envelopes now. very easy to do. dems fighting because they got caught. far more votes than needed for flip. republicans must get tough!
the covid drugs now available to make prople better are amazing, but seldom talked about by the media! mortality rate is 85% down!
