....the american people deserve answers, better late than never.”
“don’t the voters have to know what the federal prosecutor’s know. the establishment failed us. the media, congressional leaders, the democrat party? no wonder 74 (a pres. record) million americans voted for donald trump, & they still don’t believe the outcome of this election...
the supreme court really let us down. no wisdom, no courage!
....that, after careful study and consideration, think you got “screwed”, something which will hurt them also. many others likewise join the suit but, within a flash, it is thrown out and gone, without even looking at the many reasons it was brought. a rigged election, fight on!
so, you’re the president of the united states, and you just went through an election where you got more votes than any sitting president in history, by far - and purportedly lost. you can’t get “standing” before the supreme court, so you “intervene” with wonderful states.....
fda approves pfizer vaccine for emergency use!!!
“we’ve not gotten any court to judge this (the vote) on its merit.” of texas. it is a legal disgrace, an embarrassment to the usa!!!
georgia gop chair says ‘we are trusting no one,’ promises ‘eyes on every part’ of voting process via you can’t rely on . unlike other governors for the many states i won, he lost total control. signature verification???
“justices alito and thomas say they would have allowed texas to proceed with its election lawsuit.” this is a great and disgraceful miscarriage of justice. the people of the united states were cheated, and our country disgraced. never even given our day in court!
i won the election in a landslide, but remember, i only think in terms of legal votes, not all of the fake voters and fraud that miraculously floated in from everywhere! what a disgrace!
who is a worse governor, of georgia or of arizona??? these are two rino republicans who fought against me and the republican party harder than any democrat. they allowed states that i won easily to be stolen. never forget, vote them out of office!
i have been doing this. i agree!
a big disappointment!
if biden gets in, nothing will happen to hunter or joe. barr will do nothing, and the new group of partisan killers coming in will quickly kill it all. same thing with durham. we caught them cold, spying, treason & more (the hard part), but “justice” took too long. will be doa!
we have just begun to fight!!!
why didn’t bill barr reveal the truth to the public, before the election, about hunter biden. joe was lying on the debate stage that nothing was wrong, or going on - press confirmed. big disadvantage for republicans at the polls!
wow! thousands of people forming in washington (d.c.) for stop the steal. didn’t know about this, but i’ll be seeing them! maga
the supreme court had zero interest in the merits of the greatest voter fraud ever perpetrated on the united states of america. all they were interested in is “standing”, which makes it very difficult for the president to present a case on the merits. 75,000,000 votes!
if failing governor would allow signature verification, david & kelly would win!
....the american people deserve answers, better late than never.”
