sleepy joe biden has vowed to abolish the american oil and natural gas industries, and ban fracking. biden’s energy ban will send every state into crushing poverty, from michigan, to wisconsin to arizona to pennsylvania.
i just signed an executive order to teach our students pro-american values!
joe biden would increase refugees from terrorist nations by 700%. his plan would overwhelm your communities and turn michigan, minnesota, wisconsin and the entire midwest into a refugee c. i am protecting your families and keeping radical islamic terrorists out of our country!
a vote for joe biden is a vote to extinguish and eradicate your state’s auto industry. biden is a corrupt politician who sold out michigan to china. biden is the living embodiment of the decrepit and depraved political class that got rich bleeding america dry!
for 47 years, joe biden viciously attacked black americans. he called young black men “super predators.” to every black american: i am asking for your vote. this is your one and only chance to show sleepy joe what you think of his decision to attack you, jail you, and betray you!
over the next 4 years, we will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great american flag—and with god’s help, we will defend the right to life, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms!
thank you michigan! tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save america! so get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and get out and vote! together, we will make america great again!
the supreme court decision on voting in pennsylvania is a very dangerous one. it will allow rant and unchecked cheating and will undermine our entire systems of laws. it will also induce violence in the streets. something must be done!
thank you wisconsin!
i am asking you to go vote for your favorite president, we still have work to do! let’s win, win, win!
a vote for me and the republican party is a vote for the american dream! over the next four years, we will make america into the manufacturing superpower of the world, and we will end our reliance on china once and for all.
biden has vowed to abolish the american oil and natural gas industries, and ban fracking. as long as i am president, we will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on earth – and we will remain energy independent!
a vote for sleepy joe biden is a vote to give control of government over to globalists, communists, socialists, and wealthy liberal hypocrites who want to silence, censor, cancel, and punish you. get out and vote maga tomorrow!
heading to grand rapids, michigan after a great evening in kenosha, wisconsin! get out and vote tomorrow, let’s make america great again!
our prayers are with the people of vienna after yet another vile act of terrorism in europe. these evil attacks against innocent people must stop. the u.s. stands with austria, france, and all of europe in the fight against terrorists, including radical islamic terrorists.
thank you michigan!
thank you brad!
to all of our supporters: thank you from the bottom of my heart. you have been there from the beginning, and i will never let you down. your hopes are my hopes, your dreams are my dreams, and your future is what i am fighting for every single day!
thank you paris. keep up the great work!
thank you matt!
vote! vote! vote!
a parade for me in nigeria, a great honor!
get out & vote! under my administration, our economy is growing at the fastest rate ever at 33.1%. next year will be the greatest economic year in american history! find your polling place below.
we are looking really good all over the country. thank you!
over the next 4 years, we will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great american flag—and with god’s help, we will defend the right to life, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms!
biden has vowed to abolish the american oil and natural gas industries, and ban fracking. as long as i am president, we will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on earth – and we will remain energy independent!
