this is good news, it means i won! cc:
...the worst polling ever, and then they’ll be back in four years to do it again. this is much more then voter and caign finance suppression!
as i have long said, and the others would only announce a vaccine after the election, because they didn’t have the courage to do it before. likewise, the  fda should have announced it earlier, not for political purposes, but for saving lives!
...abc/wapo had me down 17 points in wisconsin, the day before the election, and i won! in iowa, the polls had us 4 points down, and i won by 8.2%! fox news and quinnipiac were wrong on everything...
., , abc/wapo, nbc/wsj were so inaccurate with their polls on me, that it really is tering with an election. they were so far off in their polling, and in their attempt to suppress - that they should be called out for election interference...
if joe biden were president, you wouldn’t have the vaccine for another four years, nor would the  fda have ever approved it so quickly. the bureaucracy would have destroyed millions of lives!
the  fda and the democrats didn’t want to have me get a vaccine win, prior to the election, so instead it came out five days later – as i’ve said all along!
nolte: bret baier deletes tweet that exposed backlash against fox news via
nothing!
“president trump told us for some time we would be getting a vaccine by the end of the year and people laughed at him, and here we are with pfizer getting fda approval by the end of this month. he was right.”
“only because of president trump, we are going to have a vaccine by the end of the year.” ronny jackson, texas congressman-elect
we are making big progress. results start to come in next week. make america great again!
we will win!
watch for massive ballot counting abuse and, just like the early vaccine, remember i told you so!
ballot counting abuse!
highly respected ken starr: “pennsylvania’s three-day extension of the mail-in ballot deadline is a constitutional travesty.” legal scholars agree!
republicans, don’t let andrew mccabe continue to get away with totally criminal activity. what he did should never be allowed to happen to our country again. fight for justice!
happy 245th birthday to the ! happybirthdaymarines
nate simington, a very smart and qualified individual, is having his senate hearing today. republicans will hopefully confirm him to the fcc asap! we need action now on this very important nomination!!
pennsylvania party leadership votes are this week. i hope they pick very tough and smart fighters. we will win!!
nate simington, a very smart and qualified individual, is having his senate hearing today. republicans will hopefully confirm him to the fcc asap! we need action now on this very important nomination!!
ballot corruption will be exposed tonight at 9:00pme on on !
...abc/wapo had me down 17 points in wisconsin, the day before the election, and i won! in iowa, the polls had us 4 points down, and i won by 8.2%! fox news and quinnipiac were wrong on everything...
