so now the democrats are working to gain control of the u.s. senate through their actions on john james, david perdue, and more. would end the filibuster, “life”, 2a, and would pack and rotate the court. presidency becomes even more important. we will win!
i easily win the presidency of the united states with legal votes cast. the observers were not allowed, in any way, shape, or form, to do their job and therefore, votes accepted during this period must be determined to be illegal votes. u.s. supreme court should decide!
twitter is out of control, made possible through the government gift of section 230!
“philadelpiha has got a rotten history on election integrity.”
....has been able to render decisions in a matter of days.” ken starr, former independent counsel
....hopefully this will be corrected at the supreme court of the united states. also, these late ballots past election day are illegal, exactly what the president has been saying. the supreme court, in extraordinary circumstances,...
....legislature. they just ignored that, ignored the constitution. now we bring it down to the counting houses, and outrageously, observers, who are the sentinels of integrity & transparency, were excluded. pennsylvania has conducted itself in a horrible lawless way, and....
with the attack by the radical left dems on the republican senate, the presidency becomes even more important!
where are the missing military ballots in georgia? what happened to them?
joe biden should not wrongfully claim the office of the president. i could make that claim also. legal proceedings are just now beginning!
i had such a big lead in all of these states late into election night, only to see the leads miraculously disappear as the days went by. perhaps these leads will return as our legal proceedings move forward!
“this is what we know. we have to go back to the state level and how this morass came to be in the first instance. the governor, wolf, and the state supreme court, flagrantly violated the constitution of the u.s. the power to set these rules and regulations is vested in the
....legislature. they just ignored that, ignored the constitution. now we bring it down to the counting houses, and outrageously, observers, who are the sentinels of integrity &; transparency, were excluded. pennsylvania has conducted itself in a horrible lawless way, and....
