i look forward to mayor giuliani spearheading the legal effort to defend our right to free and fair elections! rudy giuliani, joseph digenova, victoria toensing, sidney powell, and jenna ellis, a truly great team, added to our other wonderful lawyers and representatives!
antifa scum ran for the hills today when they tried attacking the people at the trump rally, because those people aggressively fought back. antifa waited until tonight, when 99% were gone, to attack innocent maga people. dc police, get going — do you job and don’t hold back!!!
antifa scum ran for the hills today when they tried attacking the people at the trump rally, because those people aggressively fought back. antifa waited until tonight, when 99% were gone, to attack innocent maga people. dc police, get going — do your job and don’t hold back!!!
radical left antifa scum was easily rebuffed today by the big d.c. maga rally crowd, only to return at night, after 99% of the crowd had left, to assault elderly people and families. police got there, but late. mayor is not doing her job!
human radical left garbage did this. being arrested now!
the silent media is the enemy of the people!!!
thank you mollie. the free and fair press is gone in our country. they only write about what they want to write about. suppression!
the fake news media hardly even discussed the tens of thousands of people that came to d.c. formed organically, and in many parts of the country!
thank you mark, but the fake news media will never say it!
tax filings reveal biden cancer charity spent millions on salaries, zero on research via
this is why daytime and weekend daytime have lost their ratings. they are abysmal having (mayor pete of indiana’s most unsuccessful city, by far!) on more than republicans. many great alternatives are forming & exist. try & , among others!
doing a great job in georgia. their recount is a scam, means nothing. must see fraudulent signatures which is prohibited by stupidly signed & unconstitutional consent decree.
he won because the election was rigged. no vote watchers or observers allowed, vote tabulated by a radical left privately owned company, dominion, with a bad reputation & bum equipment that couldn’t even qualify for texas (which i won by a lot!), the fake & silent media, & more!
all of the mechanical “glitches” that took place on election night were really them getting caught trying to steal votes. they succeeded plenty, however, without getting caught. mail-in elections are a sick joke!
watch interview on this morning at 10:00. doing a great job exposing the rigged election hoax!
rigged election. we will win!
he only won in the eyes of the fake news media. i concede nothing! we have a long way to go. this was a rigged election!
progress!
rudy will be interviewed by at 10:00 a.m. now!
john bolton was one of the dumbest people in government that i’ve had the “pleasure” to work with. a sullen, dull and quiet guy, he added nothing to national security except, “gee, let’s go to war.” also, illegally released much classified information. a real dope!
great job emily!
watch: d.c. cops direct trump-supporters into gauntlet of protesters, do nothing when they are assaulted via . these thugs and lowlifes only stalked and attacked when most of the tens of thousands of people had left town. ran away earlier!
we won’t let a rigged election steal our country!
amazing!
spirit like never before!
many of the court cases being filed all over the country are not ours, but rather those of people that have seen horrible abuses. our big cases showing the unconstitutionality of the 2020 election, & the outrage of things that were done to change the outcome, will soon be filed!
i look forward to mayor giuliani spearheading the legal effort to defend our right to free and fair elections! rudy giuliani, joseph digenova, victoria toensing, sidney powell, and jenna ellis, a truly great team, added to our other wonderful lawyers and representatives!
