governor of arizona hired a lawyer today. wouldn’t allowing a strong check of ballots, which would be easier and so much better for our country, be easier on him and the great state of arizona?
people in georgia got caught cold bringing in massive numbers of ballots and putting them in “voting” machines. great job !
the best way to insure a and victory is to allow signature checks in the presidential race, which will insure a georgia presidential win (very few votes are needed, many will be found). spirits will soar and everyone will rush out and vote!
very sadly for our nation, it looks like senator will not be putting the section 230 termination clause into the defense bill. so bad for our national security and election integrity. last chance to ever get it done. i will veto!
but doesn’t get rid of big tech’s windfall, section 230, a grave threat to national security. i will veto!
what good is having a very expensive national defense authorization act if big tech can run circles around you and the security of our country? end section 230 now! ndaa
a great person who did a fantastic job. thank you alyssa!
big rally saturday night in georgia!!!
whistleblowers reveal that the usps is responsible for tering with hundreds of thousands of ballots. this long time democrat stronghold got rid of massive numbers, especially in swing states, during and before delivery of the ballots. well documented evidence!
a provision is in the ndaa for the renaming, or even desecration, of national monuments in national parks. this is not what our country wants!
rigged election!
make america great again!
get tough republicans!
the only thing more rigged than the 2020 presidential election is the fake news suppressed media. no matter how big or important the story, if it is even slightly positive for “us”, or negative for “them”, it will not be reported!
stock market reaches new all-time high!
watch tonight at 9:00 p.m. eastern — story on voter fraud!
thank you to senate president karen fann and house speaker russell bowers – and all, for what you are doing in arizona. a fast check of signatures will easily give us the state. votes against have been reduced to a very small number!
see you tomorrow night at 7pm, valdosta, georgia!
what good is having a very expensive national defense authorization act if big tech can run circles around you and the security of our country? end section 230 now! ndaa
