the drug companies are going crazy putting up nasty ads against me asking to “withdraw my favored nation’s executive order”. they don’t want the u.s. to have the lowest drug prices in the world, but we now will. big reductions coming. no other politician would do this!!!
how do states and politicians confirm an election where corruption and irregularities are documented throughout? a swing state hustle!
most corrupt election in u.s. history!
the biggest winner of our new defense bill is china!. i will veto!
...tens of millions of haphazardly ballots sent, with some people getting two, three, or four ballots. we will never give up!
the rinos that run the state voting apparatus have caused us this problem of allowing the democrats to so blatantly cheat in their attempt to steal the election, which we won overwhelmingly. how dare they allow this massive and ridiculous mail-in voting to occur...
...they just “chickened out” and didn’t want to rule on the merits of the case. so bad for our country!
the fact that the supreme court wouldn’t find standing in an original jurisdiction matter between multiple states, and including the president of the states, is absurd. it is enumerated in the constitution...
....place in detroit, philadelphia, milwaukee, atlanta, pittsburgh, and elsewhere. in all swing state cases, there are far more votes than are necessary to win the state, and the election itself. therefore, votes cannot be certified. this election is under protest!
.....and many others voted illegally. also, machine “glitches” (another word for fraud), ballot harvesting, non-resident voters, fake ballots, “stuffing the ballot box”, votes for pay, roughed up republican poll watchers, and sometimes even more votes than people voting, took....
swing states that have found massive voter fraud, which is all of them, cannot legally certify these votes as complete & correct without committing a severely punishable crime. everybody knows that dead people, below age people, illegal immigrants, fake signatures, prisoners,....
vaccines are shipped and on their way, five years ahead of schedule. get well usa. get well world. we love you all!
the drug companies are going crazy putting up nasty ads against me asking to “withdraw my favored nation’s executive order”. they don’t want the u.s. to have the lowest drug prices in the world, but we now will. big reductions coming. no other politician would do this!!!
