but we already know enough, and we won big!
our $740 defense bill is a gift to china, russia & big tech. it fails to terminate the internationally dangerous section 230, won’t allow us to bring our troops back home (where they belong), renames & destroys our forts & national monuments, & makes 5g almost impossible!
i will not stand by and watch this travesty of a bill happen without reigning in big tech. end section 230 now, before it is too late. so bad for our country. show courage, and do what’s right!!!
i simply wan to get our great people $2000, rather than $600. also, congress should cut the “pork”.
if a democrat presidential candidate had an election rigged & stolen, with proof of such acts at a level never seen before, the democrat senators would consider it an act of war, and fight to the death. mitch & the republicans do nothing, just want to let it pass. no fight!
the “justice” department and the fbi have done nothing about the 2020 presidential election voter fraud, the biggest scam in our nation’s history, despite overwhelming evidence. they should be ashamed. history will remember. never give up. see everyone in d.c. on january 6th.
i simply want to get out great people $2000, rather than the measly $600 that is now in the bill. also, stop the billions of dollars in “pork”.
where the hell is the durham report? they spied on my caign, colluded with russia (and others), and got caught. read the horowitz reports about comey & mccabe. even the fake news said “bad”. they tried it all, and failed, so now they are trying to steal the election!
the u.s. supreme court has been totally incompetent and weak on the massive election fraud that took place in the 2020 presidential election. we have absolute proof, but they don’t want to see it - no “standing”, they say. if we have corrupt elections, we have no country!
a young military man working in afghanistan told me that elections in afghanistan are far more secure and much better run than the usa’s 2020 election. ours, with its millions and millions of corrupt mail-in ballots, was the election of a third world country. fake president!
i simply want to get our great people $2000, rather than the measly $600 that is now in the bill. also, stop the billions of dollars in “pork”.
thank you mark. big numbers found in arizona.we must win for our country!
the lockdowns in democrat run states are absolutely ruining the lives of so many people - far more than the damage that would be caused by the china virus. cases in california have risen despite the lockdown, yet florida & others are open & doing well. common sense please!
time for republican senators to step up and fight for the presidency, like the democrats would do if they had actually won. the proof is irrefutable! massive late night mail-in ballot drops in swing states, stuffing the ballot boxes (on video), double voters, dead voters,
....fake signatures, illegal immigrant voters, banned republican vote watchers, more votes than actual voters (check out detroit & philadelphia), and much more. the numbers are far greater than what is necessary to win the individual swing states, and cannot even be contested....
....courts are bad, the fbi and “justice” didn’t do their job, and the united states election system looks like that of a third world country. freedom of the press has been gone for a long time, it is fake news, and now we have big tech (with section 230) to deal with....
....but when it is all over, and this period of time becomes just another ugly chapter in our country’s history, we will win!!!
a young military man working in afghanistan told me that elections in afghanistan are far more secure and much better run than the usa’s 2020 election. ours, with its millions and millions of corrupt mail-in ballots, was the election of a third world country. fake president!
....fake signatures, illegal immigrant voters, banned republican vote watchers, more votes than actual voters (check out detroit &; philadelphia), and much more. the numbers are far greater than what is necessary to win the individual swing states, and cannot even be contested....
