...the consent decree signed by the “secretary”, with the consent of kemp, is perhaps even more poorly negotiated than the deal that john kerry made with iran. now it turns out that brad r’s brother works for china, and they definitely don’t want “trump”. so disgusting! maga
i love the great state of georgia, but the people who run it, from the governor, , to the secretary of state, are a complete disaster and don’t have a clue, or worse. nobody can be this stupid. just allow us to find the crime, and turn the state republican....
....other acts of fraud and irregularities as well. stay tuned!
....that, quite frankly, didn’t have much of a chance, like 7, 8 or 9. the presidential election was rigged with hundreds of thousands of ballots mysteriously flowing into swing states very late at night as everyone thought the election was easily won by me. there were many....
the wall street journal’s very boring & incoherent editorial fails to mention my big & easy wins in texas, florida, ohio, iowa & many other states that the & other joke polls said i would lose. also, they fail to mention the fact that i got many republican senators elected..
new lott study estimates 11,350 absentee votes lost to trump in georgia. another 289,000 "excess (fraudulent) votes" across ga, az, mi, nv, pa, and wi. check it out! ️
“barack obama was toppled from the top spot and president trump claimed the title of the year’s most admired man. trump number one, obama number two, and joe biden a very distant number three. that’s also rather odd given the fact that on november 3rd, biden allegedly racked up
...millions more votes than trump, but can’t get anywhere close to him in this poll. no incoming president has ever done as badly in this annual survey.” that’s because he got millions of fake votes in the 2020 election, which was rigged!
the federal government has distributed the vaccines to the states. now it is up to the states to administer. get moving!
$2000 asap!
hearings from atlanta on the georgia election overturn now being broadcast. check it out. and many more. should resign from office. he is an obstructionist who refuses to admit that we won georgia, big! also won the other swing states.
hearings from atlanta on the georgia election overturn now being broadcast live via !
thank you, a great honor!
twitter is shadow banning like never before. a disgrace that our weak and ineffective political leadership refuses to do anything about big tech. they’re either afraid or stupid, nobody really knows!
january sixth, see you in dc!
the united states had more votes than it had people voting, by a lot. this travesty cannot be allowed to stand. it was a rigged election, one not even fit for third world countries!
watching is almost as bad as watching fake news . new alternatives are developing!
., his puppet lt. governor , and secretary of state, are disasters for georgia. won’t let professionals get anywhere near fulton county for signature verifications, or anything else. they are virtually controlled by & the democrats. fools!
we now have far more votes than needed to flip georgia in the presidential race. massive voter fraud took place. thank you to the georgia legislature for today’s revealing meeting!
