....the courage to do what has to be done to maintain the integrity of our elections, and the united states of america itself. the world is watching!!!
why is joe biden so quickly forming a cabinet when my investigators have found hundreds of thousands of fraudulent votes, enough to “flip” at least four states, which in turn is more than enough to win the election? hopefully the courts and/or legislatures will have....
this is not at all frivolous. it is brought on behalf of one of the most respected members of the united states congress who is disgusted, like so many others, by an election that is a fraudulent mess. fake ballots, dead people voting, no republican poll watchers allowed, & more!
well, there were hundreds of thousands of votes cast where republican poll watchers were not allowed to “watch”, not even allowed in the counting rooms. likewise with fake ballots cast and dead people voting!
sorry liz, can’t accept the results of an election with hundreds of thousands of fraudulent votes cast, enough to easily flip the election. you’re just unhappy that i’m bringing the troops back home where they belong!
....will appeal!!!
thanks mark. it’s all a continuation of the never ending witch hunt. judge brann, who would not even allow us to present our case or evidence, is an appointment of senator pat “no tariffs” toomey of pennsylvania, no friend of mine, & obama - no wonder. 900,000 fraudulent votes!
they never thought a vaccine could be done so soon but don’t worry, they will try to give the credit to biden!
true!
“dominion-izing the vote” part two via
“dominion-izing the vote” part one via
“dominion-izing the vote” part three via
....will appeal!
thanks mark. it’s all a continuation of the never ending witch hunt. judge brann, who would not even allow us to present our case or evidence, is a product of senator pat “no tariffs” toomey of pennsylvania, no friend of mine, & obama - no wonder. 900,000 fraudulent votes!
...and neither am i!
it’s all about the signatures on the envelopes. why are the democrats fighting so hard to hide them. we will find massive numbers of fraudulent ballots. the signatures won’t match. fight hard republicans. don’t let them destroy the evidence!
thank you!
so true!
just arrived at virtual g20. was here yesterday also (early), but some of the fake news media failed to report it accurately - as usual. my speech is available (they said i didn’t make a speech).
other than politics, how do you lose a case where large numbers of voters, far more than you need to flip pennsylvania, are disenfranchised? vote observers thrown out of counting rooms. people going to vote finding out they have already voted through a fake ballot - go home!
report: maryland gov. larry hogan, anti-trump hero, paid for flawed coronavirus tests from south korea via . this rino will never make the grade. hogan is just as bad as the flawed tests he paid big money for!
. kudlow note to ....
