so true, a must read!
no presidential candidate ever came even close to losing an election who won iowa, florida and ohio. i won all three, by a lot!
19 states are fighting for us, almost unheard of support!
tremendous support from all over the country. all we ask is courage & wisdom from those that will be making one of the most important decisions in our country’s history. god bless you!
why didn’t the fake news media, the fbi and the doj report the biden matter before the election. oh well, it’s ok, we won the election anyway - 75,000,000 votes!!!
no war with north korea, tamed fighting in idlib province and many other places. no wars started by u.s., troop removals all over, and so much more. thank you larry!
while my pushing the money drenched but heavily bureaucratic  fda saved five years in the approval of numerous great new vaccines, it is still a big, old, slow turtle. get the dam vaccines out now, dr. hahn . stop playing games and start saving lives!!!
the swine flu (h1n1), and the attempt for a vaccine by the obama administration, with joe biden in charge, was a complete and total disaster. now they want to come in and take over one of the “greatest and fastest medical miracles in modern day history.” i don’t think so!
i just want to stop the world from killing itself!
now it turns out that my phone call to the president of ukraine, which many, including me, have called “perfect”, was even better than that. i predicted biden corruption, said to call the a.g., who perhaps knew of the corruption during the impeachment hoax?
now that the biden administration will be a scandal plagued mess for years to come, it is much easier for the supreme court of the united states to follow the constitution and do what everybody knows has to be done. they must show great courage & wisdom. save the usa!!!
now it turns out that the democrats want the pack the court with 26 justices. this would be terrible, and must be stopped. even justice rbg was strongly opposed!
“donald trump must get the credit for the vaccines. it is a miracle.”
if the supreme court shows great wisdom and courage, the american people will win perhaps the most important case in history, and our electoral process will be respected again!
if the two senators from georgia should lose, which would be a horrible thing for our country, i am the only thing that stands between “packing the court” (last number heard, 25), and preserving it. i will not, under any circumstances, pack the court!
georgia, where is signature verification approval? what do you have to lose? must move quickly!
