...and i won the election. voter fraud all over the country!
floyd county, georgia!
this was a rigged election. no republican poll watchers allowed, voting machine “glitches” all over the place (meaning they got caught cheating!), voting after election ended, and so much more!
the georgia recount is a joke and is being done under protest. even though thousands of fraudulent votes have been found, the real number is in matching signatures. governor must open up the unconstitutional consent decree and call in the legislature!
they didn’t even allow republican observers into the building to watch. a terrible insult to our constitution!
“the numbers have not improved, it is still 71% out of balance”, stated wayne county, michigan, canvassers. “there is widespread irregularities in poll numbers.” there are “more votes than people”. the two harassed patriot canvassers refuse to sign the papers!
the recent statement by chris krebs on the security of the 2020 election was highly inaccurate, in that there were massive improprieties and fraud - including dead people voting, poll watchers not allowed into polling locations, “glitches” in the voting machines which changed...
they would’nt let republican poll watchers into the counting rooms. unconstitutional!!!
wrong! at first they voted against because there were far more votes than people (sad!). then they were threatened, screamed at and viciously harassed, and were forced to change their vote, but then refused, as american patriots, to sign the documents. 71% mess. don’t harass!
the only thing secure about our 2020 election was that it was virtually impenetrable by foreign powers. on that, the trump administration takes great credit. unfortunately, the radical left democrats, dominion, and others, were perhaps more successful!
...votes from trump to biden, late voting, and many more. therefore, effective immediately, chris krebs has been terminated as director of the cybersecurity and infrastructure security agency.
well, it’s really quite simple. you just can’t have more votes than people!
more votes than people, and that is the least of it!!!
flip michigan back to trump. detroit, not surprisingly, has tremendous problems!
wow! governor kemp will hopefully see the light before it is too late. must finally take charge! two great senators, who do so much for georgia and truly love the usa, are in a must win battle with two incompetents who don’t have a clue!
“second georgia county finds thousands more votes, majority are for trump”
wow! michigan just refused to certify the election results! having courage is a beautiful thing. the usa stands proud!
the great state of michigan, with votes being far greater than the number of people who voted, cannot certify the election. the democrats cheated big time, and got caught. a republican win!
in detroit, there are far more votes than people. nothing can be done to cure that giant scam. i win michigan!
thank you , so nice!
thank you!
just found thousands of more ballots, and the recount is relatively meaningless without being given access to the signatures. consent decree is a scam that georgia secretary of state or governor should never have let happen. unconstitutional. open it up!
trump votes.
georgia!
floyd county, georgia!
the georgia recount is a joke and is being done under protest. even though thousands of fraudulent votes have been found, the real number is in matching signatures. governor must open up the unconstitutional consent decree and call in the legislature!
the only thing secure about our 2020 election was that it was virtually impenetrable by foreign powers. on that, the trump administration takes great credit. unfortunately, the radical left democrats, dominion, and others, were perhaps more successful!
