tens of thousands of votes were illegally received after 8 p.m. on tuesday, election day, totally and easily changing the results in pennsylvania and certain other razor thin states. as a separate matter, hundreds of thousands of votes were illegally not allowed to be observed...
“we need an explanation as to how these numbers have been running up for the last two or three days.” matthew whitaker.
incredibly stated jim!
....bad things took place during those hours where legal transparency was viciously & crudely not allowed. tractors blocked doors & windows were covered with thick cardboard so that observers could not see into the count rooms. bad things happened inside. big changes took place!
....this would also change the election result in numerous states, including pennsylvania, which everyone thought was easily won on election night, only to see a massive lead disappear, without anyone being allowed to observe, for long intervals of time, what the happened...
people were screaming stop the count & we demand transparency (as legal observers were refused admittance to count rooms)!
lawyers press conference at four seasons, philadelphia. 11:00 a.m.
four season’s landscaping!
big press conference today in philadelphia at four seasons total landscaping — 11:30am!
lawyer’s press conference at four season’s landscaping, philadelphia. enjoy!
georgia counties using same software as michigan counties also encounter ‘glitch’ via what a total mess this “election” has been!
i won this election, by a lot!
the observers were not allowed into the counting rooms. i won the election, got 71,000,000 legal votes. bad things happened which our observers were not allowed to see. never happened before. millions of mail-in ballots were sent to people who never asked for them!
71,000,000 legal votes. the most ever for a sitting president!
tens of thousands of votes were illegally received after 8 p.m. on tuesday, election day, totally and easily changing the results in pennsylvania and certain other razor thin states. as a separate matter, hundreds of thousands of votes were illegally not allowed to be observed...
