give the people $2000, not $600. they have suffered enough!
weak and tired republican “leadership” will allow the bad defense bill to pass. say goodbye to vital section 230 termination, your national monuments, forts (names!) and treasures (inserted by elizabeth “pocahontas” warren), 5g, and our great soldiers....
....being removed and brought home from foreign lands who do nothing for us. a disgraceful act of cowardice and total submission by weak people to big tech. negotiate a better bill, or get better leaders, now! senate should not approve ndaa until fixed!!!
$2000 for our great people, not $600! they have suffered enough from the china virus!!!
....and congressmen/congresswomen elected. i do believe they forgot!
....can you imagine if the republicans stole a presidential election from the democrats - all hell would break out. republican leadership only wants the path of least resistance. our leaders (not me, of course!) are pathetic. they only know how to lose! p.s. i got many senators..
...more votes than is needed by me to win pennsylvania, not to mention hundreds of thousands of votes in other categories which increase my already big lead into a landslide. all other swing states show likewise. we need new & energetic republican leadership. this can not stand..
“a group of republican lawmakers in pennsylvania say 200,000 more votes were counted in the 2020 election than voters (100% went to biden). state representative frank ryan said they found troubling discrepancies after an analysis of election day data.” this is far....
unless republicans have a death wish, and it is also the right thing to do, they must approve the $2000 payments asap. $600 is not enough! also, get rid of section 230 - don’t let big tech steal our country, and don’t let the democrats steal the presidential election. get tough!
loeffler, perdue support increasing relief payments to $2k via . republicans must support the $2000 payments and must fight the crooked presidential election. we won big!
it is up to the states to distribute the vaccines once brought to the designated areas by the federal government. we have not only developed the vaccines, including putting up money to move the process along quickly, but gotten them to the states. biden failed with swine flu!
when are we going to be allowed to do signature verification in fulton county, georgia? the process is going very slowly. pennsylvania just found 205,000 votes more than they had voters. therefore, we win pennsylvania!!!
give the people $2000, not $600. they have suffered enough!
...more votes than is needed by me to win pennsylvania, not to mention hundreds of thousands of votes in other categories which increase my already big lead into a landslide. all other swing states show likewise. we need new &; energetic republican leadership. this can not stand..
