big news in pennsylvania!
looks like they are setting up a big “voter dump” against the republican candidates. waiting to see how many votes they need?
just happened to have found another 4000 ballots from fulton county. here we go!
get smart republicans. fight!
if vice president  pence comes through for us, we will win the presidency. many states want to decertify the mistake they made in certifying incorrect & even fraudulent numbers in a process not approved by their state legislatures (which it must be). mike can send it back!
sleepy eyes chuck todd is so happy with the fake voter tabulation process that he can’t even get the words out straight. sad to watch!
states want to correct their votes, which they now know were based on irregularities and fraud, plus corrupt process never received legislative approval. all mike pence has to do is send them back to the states, and we win. do it mike, this is a time for extreme courage!
the republican party and, more importantly, our country, needs the presidency more than ever before - the power of the veto. stay strong!
they just happened to find 50,000 ballots late last night. the usa is embarrassed by fools. our election process is worse than that of third world countries!
the states want to redo their votes. they found out they voted on a fraud. legislatures never approved. let them do it. be strong!
even mexico uses voter i.d.
these scoundrels are only toying with the (a great guy) vote. just didn’t want to announce quite yet. they’ve got as many ballots as are necessary. rigged election!
mike pence didn’t have the courage to do what should have been done to protect our country and our constitution, giving states a chance to certify a corrected set of facts, not the fraudulent or inaccurate ones which they were asked to previously certify. usa demands the truth!
please support our capitol police and law enforcement. they are truly on the side of our country. stay peaceful!
i am asking for everyone at the u.s. capitol to remain peaceful. no violence! remember, we are the party of law & order – respect the law and our great men and women in blue. thank you!
these are the things and events that happen when a sacred landslide election victory is so unceremoniously & viciously stripped away from great patriots who have been badly & unfairly treated for so long. go home with love & in peace. remember this day forever!
looks like they are setting up a big “voter dump” against the republican candidates. waiting to see how many votes they need?
the states want to redo their votes. they found out they voted on a fraud. legislatures never approved. let them do it. be strong!
