Dominion is running our Election. Rigged!
I strongly stand with Kelly &; David. They are both great and MUST WIN!
Who will be running for Governor of the Great State of Ohio? Will be hotly contested!
Another Vaccine just announced. This time by Moderna, 95% effective. For those great “historians”, please remember that these great discoveries, which will end the China Plague, all took place on my watch!
The Fake recount going on in Georgia means nothing because they are not allowing signatures to be looked at and verified. Break the unconstitutional Consent Decree!
Big victory moments ago in the State of Nevada. The all Democrat County Commissioner race, on same ballot as President, just thrown out because of large scale voter discrepancy. Clark County officials do not have confidence in their own election security. Major impact!
The rate of rejected Mail-In Ballots is 30 X’s lower in Pennsylvania this year than it was in 2016. This is why they kept our poll watchers and observers out of the “SACRED” vote counting rooms!
Georgia won’t let us look at the all important signature match. Without that the recount is MEANINGLESS. Open up unconstitutional Consent Decree, NOW!
European Countries are sadly getting clobbered by the China Virus. The Fake News does not like reporting this!
A great launch! was a closed up disaster when we took over. Now it is again the “hottest”, most advanced, space center in the world, by far!
....owned Dominion Voting Systems, turned down by Texas and many others because it was not good or secure, those responsible for the safeguarding of our Constitution cannot allow the Fake results of the 2020 Mail-In Election to stand. The World is watching!
....perhaps like never before! From large numbers of Poll Watchers that were thrown out of vote counting rooms in many of our States, to millions of ballots that have been altered by Democrats, only for Democrats, to voting after the Election was over, to using Radical Left
Why does the Fake News Media continuously assume that Joe Biden will ascend to the Presidency, not even allowing our side to show, which we are just getting ready to do, how badly shattered and violated our great Constitution has been in the 2020 Election. It was attacked,..
I WON THE ELECTION!
The Washington Post forgot to read the complaint. Fake News. Poll Watchers, and the way they were treated, are a very big deal in the complaint!
No way!
This is crazy!
Most fraudulent Election in history!
Thank you Andrew!
I won the Election!
Try watching . Really GREAT!
STOCK MARKET GETTING VERY CLOSE TO 30,000 ON NEW VACCINE NEWS. 95% EFFECTIVE!
They will PACK THE COURTS. We won’t let that happen!
The Radical Left Democrats, working with their partner, the Fake News Media, are trying to STEAL this Election. We won’t let them!
Trump Caign Rejects Media Reports of Changed Pennsylvania Case via . Just more Fake News. Harassment and exclusion of our Poll Watchers is a big part of our case. Unconstitutional!
