700,000 ballots were not allowed to be viewed in Philadelphia and Pittsburgh which means, based on our great Constitution, we win the State of Pennsylvania!
Georgia Secretary of State, a so-called Republican (RINO), won’t let the people checking the ballots see the signatures for fraud. Why? Without this the whole process is very unfair and close to meaningless. Everyone knows that we won the state. Where is ?
“The worst thing you can do is bet against Donald Trump, considering what has been done against him. They flooded the zone with mail-in ballots. We need every vote counted, and ferociously.”
Wow. This is exactly what happened to us. Great courage by judge!
Top US Pollster and Statistician Richard Baris — People's Pundit — SUSPENDED from Twitter for Reporting on Disputed Election — Political 'WrongThink' Not Allowed via Said 10,000 DEAD PEOPLE VOTED IN MICHIGAN. When will this RIGGED ELECTION be overturned!
HIGHLY RATED!
Republican Burgess Owens Defeats Democrat Rep. Ben McAdams in Utah via Great going Burgess, you continue to be a STAR!
....What are they trying to hide. They know, and so does everyone else. EXPOSE THE CRIME!
The Consent Decree signed by the Georgia Secretary of State, with the approval of Governor , at the urging of , makes it impossible to check &; match signatures on ballots and envelopes, etc. They knew they were going to cheat. Must expose real signatures!
Congress must now do a Covid Relief Bill. Needs Democrats support. Make it big and focused. Get it done!
....We cannot waste time and can only give to those states that will use the Vaccine immediately. Therefore the New York delay. Many lives to be saved, but we are ready when they are. Stop playing politics!
I LOVE NEW YORK! As everyone knows, the Trump Administration has produced a great and safe VACCINE far ahead of schedule. Another Administration would have taken five years. The problem is, said that he will delay using it, and other states WANT IT NOW...
People are not going to stand for having this Election stolen from them by a privately owned Radical Left company, Dominion, and many other reasons!
We will WIN!
Hundreds of thousands of people showing their support in D.C. They will not stand for a Rigged and Corrupt Election!
The hand recount taking place in Georgia is a waste of time. They are not showing the matching signatures. Call off the recount until they allow the MATCH. Don’t let the Radical Left Dems STEAL THE ELECTION!
They wouldn’t let our Poll Watchers and Observers into the Counting Rooms. We win on that alone!
Thank you Dan!
. and the Fake News Networks aren’t showing these massive gatherings. Instead they have their reporters standing in almost empty streets. We now have SUPPRESSION BY THE PRESS. MAGA!
There is tremendous evidence of wide spread voter fraud in that there is irrefutable proof that our Republican poll watchers and observers were not allowed to be present in poll counting rooms. Michigan, Pennsylvania, Georgia and others. Unconstitutional!
