“I don’t care what State your in, this computer voting system is wide open to fraud and intervention.” True, and wait until you see what’s coming!
“I don’t care what state you’re in, this computer voting system is wide open to fraud and intervention.” True, and wait until you see what’s coming!
But how many ballots were fraudulently cast for the Dems? Did people vote after the election had ended? Did officials actually not allow OBSERVERS and Poll Watchers to look for an honest count?
Andrew McCabe was exposed for who he is today in the U.S. Senate. He was totally destroyed - an ignorant fool. The great people of the FBI must make sure that he and his former boss, James Comey, pay the price for what they have done to the reputation of the FBI.
That’s why Mike was number one in his class at West Point!
Thanks Dan. Big win for us in Texas!
He should pay a big price for his subversion!
A brave patriot. More & more people are stepping forward to expose this Rigged Election!
I Was In Philadelphia Watching Fraud Happen. Here’s How It Went Down They shut out our Poll Watchers and Observers. Those hundreds of thousands of votes should not be allowed. Corrupt politics.
Obama spied on our caign - and got caught!
People will not accept this Rigged Election!
The Fake Pollsters at / produced a possibly illegal suppression Poll just before the Election showing me down 17 points in Wisconsin when, in fact, on Election Day, the race was even - & we are now preparing to win the state. Many such “deplorable” instances!
Richard Hopkins, Pennsylvania postal worker, recants ballot-tering claim - Washington Times Stays with the truth, his original story.
A guy named Al Schmidt, a Philadelphia Commissioner and so-called Republican (RINO), is being used big time by the Fake News Media to explain how honest things were with respect to the Election in Philadelphia. He refuses to look at a mountain of corruption & dishonesty. We win!
You are looking at BALLOTS! Is this what our Country has come to?
WE WILL WIN!
Everyone is asking why the recent presidential polls were so inaccurate when it came to me. Because they are FAKE, just like much of the Lamestream Media!
I am pleased to announce that I have given my full support and endorsement to Ronna McDaniel to continue heading the Republican National Committee (RNC). With 72 MILLION votes, we received more votes than any sitting President in U.S. history - and we will win!
“I don’t care what state you’re in, this computer voting system is wide open to fraud and intervention.” True, and wait until you see what’s coming!
Everyone is asking why the recent presidential polls were so inaccurate when it came to me. Because they are FAKE, just like much of the Lamestream Media!
I am pleased to announce that I have given my full support and endorsement to Ronna McDaniel to continue heading the Republican National Committee (RNC). With 72 MILLION votes, we received more votes than any sitting President in U.S. history - and we will win!
