RINOS , , &; Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger, will be solely responsible for the potential loss of our two GREAT Senators from Georgia, &; . Won’t call a Special Session or check for Signature Verification! People are ANGRY!
“These actions on the part of State Officials, making these changes, were violating the Constitution of the U.S. They were usurping power.” Ken Starr
State officials were ignorant of the limitations imposed by the Constitution. Ken Starr
Mail-In rejection rate was minuscule compared to what it used to be. Ken Starr Meaning that massive numbers of bad votes were pouring in!
“Georgia is not the only state that pushed through these last minute rules changes before the presidential election.” They forgot about our Constitution!
Georgia Lt. Governor is a RINO Never Trumper who got himself elected as LG by falsely claiming to be “pro-Trump”. Too dumb or corrupt to recognize massive evidence of fraud in GA &; should be replaced! We need every great Georgian to call him out! SpecialSession!
THANK YOU GEORGIA!
Georgia is watching , , and !
I hope House Republicans will vote against the very weak National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), which I will VETO. Must include a termination of Section 230 (for National Security purposes), preserve our National Monuments, &; allow for 5G &; troupe reductions in foreign lands!
I hope House Republicans will vote against the very weak National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), which I will VETO. Must include a termination of Section 230 (for National Security purposes), preserve our National Monuments, &; allow for 5G &; troop reductions in foreign lands!
...And it’s not normal when a sitting Senator is forced to retire because his Arizona poll numbers were so low that he would have come out dead last in the Republican Primary, and had zero chance of winning the general election. Great job Jeff!
Thank you to Speaker Cutler and all others in Pennsylvania and elsewhere who fully understand what went on in the 2020 Election. It’s called total corruption!
FOR COURAGE &; BRILLIANCE!
Governor Kemp () is down 18 points in a recent poll. Don’t believe it, must be more!
Or worse!
. and puppet . Your poll numbers are tanking like seldom seen before. Always said Georgians are smart!
The got caught because we were leading by so much more than they ever thought possible. Late night ballot “dumps” went crazy!
Thank you and congratulations to General Flynn. He and his incredible family have suffered greatly!
They got caught because we were leading by so much more than they ever thought possible. Late night ballot “dumps” went crazy!
NASDAQ and S&;P close at all-time highs. Congratulations!
