Finished off the year with the highest Stock Market in history. Setting records with your 401k’s, just like I said you would. Congratulations to all!
Sen. Josh Hawley Slams Walmart Tweet Calling Him a ‘Sore Loser‘ via America is proud of Josh and the many others who are joining him. The USA cannot have fraudulent elections!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
I hope to see the great Governor of South Dakota , run against RINO , in the upcoming 2022 Primary. She would do a fantastic job in the U.S. Senate, but if not Kristi, others are already lining up. South Dakota wants strong leadership, NOW!
The BIG Protest Rally in Washington, D.C., will take place at 11.00 A.M. on January 6th. Locational details to follow. StopTheSteal!
The BIG Protest Rally in Washington, D.C., will take place at 11.00 A.M. on January 6th. Locational details to follow. StopTheSteal!
Massive amounts of evidence will be presented on the 6th. We won, BIG!
NOW!
A great honor!
. Weekend Daytime is not watchable. Switching over to !
Our Republican Senate just missed the opportunity to get rid of Section 230, which gives unlimited power to Big Tech companies. Pathetic!!! Now they want to give people ravaged by the China Virus $600, rather than the $2000 which they so desperately need. Not fair, or smart!
January 6th. See you in D.C.
Republicans should have gotten rid of Section 230 in the Defense Bill, and you wouldn’t have had this problem. Never learn!!!
Thank you Madison!
Herschel is speaking the truth!
Only because Biden got very few votes, just like the Election!
Before even discussing the massive corruption which took place in the 2020 Election, which gives us far more votes than is necessary to win all of the Swing States (only need three), it must be noted that the State Legislatures were not in any way responsible for the massive....
....is therefore both illegal and invalid, and that would include the two current Senatorial Elections. In Wisconsin, Voters not asking for applications invalidates the Election. All of this without even discussing the millions of fraudulent votes that were cast or altered!
....changes made to the voting process, rules and regulations, many made hastily before the election, and therefore the whole State Election is not legal or Constitutional. Additionally, the Georgia Consent Decree is Unconstitutional & the State 2020 Presidential Election....
