GOP Senators Join Hawley in Objecting to Electoral College Votes via
The vaccines are being delivered to the states by the Federal Government far faster than they can be administered!
The number of cases and deaths of the China Virus is far exaggerated in the United States because of ’s ridiculous method of determination compared to other countries, many of whom report, purposely, very inaccurately and low. “When in doubt, call it Covid.” Fake News!
Republicans in Georgia must be careful of the political corruption in Fulton County, which is rant. The Governor, , and his puppet Lt. Governor, , have done less than nothing. They are a disgrace to the great people of Georgia!
I spoke to Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger yesterday about Fulton County and voter fraud in Georgia. He was unwilling, or unable, to answer questions such as the “ballots under table” scam, ballot destruction, out of state “voters”, dead voters, and more. He has no clue!
“Georgia election data, just revealed, shows that over 17,000 votes illegally flipped from Trump to Biden.” This alone (there are many other irregularities) is enough to easily “swing Georgia to Trump”. StopTheSteal  Jordan
Something how Dr. Fauci is revered by the LameStream Media as such a great professional, having done, they say, such an incredible job, yet he works for me and the Trump Administration, and I am in no way given any credit for my work. Gee, could this just be more Fake News?
Great!
I will be there. Historic day!
Trump Speaks to State Legislators on Call About Decertifying Election via
....  Jordan & THE WORLD!
The Swing States did not even come close to following the dictates of their State Legislatures. These States “election laws” were made up by local judges & politicians, not by their Legislatures, & are therefore, before even getting to irregularities & fraud, UNCONSTITUTIONAL!
Sorry, but the number of votes in the Swing States that we are talking about is VERY LARGE and totally OUTCOME DETERMINATIVE! Only the Democrats and some RINO’S would dare dispute this - even though they know it is true!
