Because of the Trump Administration, hospitals are now required, effective immediately, to publish their REAL PRICES, which will create competition and drive downs costs MASSIVELY. Won lawsuit last week. Bigger than healthcare, it’s called PRICE TRANSPARENCY....
....Please remember who got it done!!!
Some States are very slow to inoculate recipients despite successful and very large scale distribution of vaccines by the Federal Government. They will get it done!
For historical purposes remember, I was able to get rid of the INDIVIDUAL MANDATE, the most unpopular and expensive part of ObamaCare. You are no longer forced to pay a fortune for the “privilege” of NOT getting bad healthcare. This ended ObamaCare as we knew it. Thank you!
TRANSPARENCY in medical pricing will be one of the biggest and most important things done for the American citizen. It was just put into service, January 1, against long odds and bitter opposition. Final lawsuits won last week. Enjoy all the extra money you will have!
Will be in Georgia on Monday night, 9:00 P.M. to RALLY for two GREAT people, & . GET READY TO VOTE ON TUESDAY!!!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....Just a small portion of these votes give US a big and conclusive win in Georgia. Have they illegally destroyed ballots in Fulton County? After many weeks, we don’t yet even have a judge to hear this large scale voter fraud case. The only judge seems to be Stacey’s sister!
Why haven’t they done signature verification in Fulton County, Georgia. Why haven’t they deducted all of the dead people who “voted”, illegals who voted, non Georgia residents who voted, and tens of thousands of others who voted illegally, from the final vote tally?
Civil War: Tucker Carlson Hits His Own Network in Epic Post-Election Monologue
. Mitch M, and all!
Wow, I guess it’s not good to go against a President who everyone in Georgia knows got you into office!
...And after they see the facts, plenty more to come...Our Country will love them for it! StopTheSteal
An attempt to steal a landslide win. Can’t let it happen!
So true. Thanks Josh!
....Please remember who got it done!!!
...And after they see the facts, plenty more to come...Our Country will love them for it! StopTheSteal
